Adds roadmap, codeowners, and other minor docs updates (#69)
HewlettPackard/galadriel: GOVERNANCE.md

### Users

These are individuals who 
- Want to learn more about the Galadriel Project; 
- Are existing users of Galadriel and its tools who wish to follow the project's progress.

### Contributors

These are individuals who wish to contribute code or ideas to Galadriel. Contributors submit code and ideas through GitHub issues or by creating pull requests.

### Maintainers

> These are individuals who can approve submitted pull requests to be merged into the primary codebase. The project requires pull requests to be approved by at least two (2) maintaners. Once approved, a pull request can be merged by either maintainers or the contributor who submitted it. A list of the current maintainers can be found in the [Codeowners](./CODEOWNERS) file.

Author: Fair point. Seems like only maintainers who have push access can merge it. I'll update accordingly. Thanks.

## Change Review Process

**All changes must be submitted as a GitHub Pull Request (PR)**

> The submitter of a PR is responsible for responding to feedback from reviewers. While the PR remains open, they are also responsible for ensuring the change is always in a state where it can be merged. Guidelines for submitting a PR for approval can be found [here](/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: we refer to reviewers here, but that role is not defined.  Should we use this instead? "for responding to feedback from maintainers".

Author: I left "reviewers" with the intention of including feedback from both contributors and maintainers. We can explicitly say it
```suggestion
The submitter of a PR is responsible for responding to feedback from contributors and maintainers. While the PR remains open, they are also responsible for ensuring the change is always in a state where it can be merged. Guidelines for submitting a PR for approval can be found [here](/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

Reviewer 2: Agree with William that "reviewers" seems a little vague in the context.

Reviewer 3: I would just leave reviewers here ( it could be anyone , author, contributors, maintainers or general audience)

Author: ```
The submitter of a pull request is responsible for responding to any feedback.
```
